Were any people injured in the accident?
Did the customer want a dress for a wedding?
Did Jesse cycle in the rain?
Did John buy his wife a coat?
Did the police try to improve the security of prisons?
Did the painting show the ocean?
Is there more interest in solar power technology these days?
Was the money raised by private companies?
Did the speaker try to tell a joke?
Were the students taught how to spell the alphabet?
Did Jessica buy a new shirt?
Did the man join the army to make money?
Did the campers return home?
Did Sam feel guilty for buying an expensive car?
Did the students go on a holiday?
Did Katy show her new dress to her sister?
Did the teen make a plea?
Did the tailor repair a pair of jeans?
Did the couple want to sweep the chimney?
Did the car have problems with the engine?
Did the youngsters make it into the movie theatre?
Was the hoover broken?
Was the meal of the day omelette?
Did the astronomer investigate a new star?
Did the old man go out for a walk?
Did the actress frequently appear in commercials?
Did the cyclists ride their bikes?
Did Jane's grandmother prepare a cheesecake for the holidays?
Did the camper have a hatchet?
Were the clothes ruined?
Did the cat chase a bird?
Did the police suspect that the man was drunk?
Did the gardener forget to trim his beard?
Did the cold weather last longer than a day?
Was the first part of the exam composed of essay questions?
Did the comedian use a funny lisp in his act?
Were the tourists in danger?
Did the couple see dolphins during their holiday?
Did the customers like the new talc?
Did Tommy have the money to cover his losses?
Did Susan injure herself riding a bike?
Was the sword newly forged?
Was the chain very weak?
Did somebody die in the book?
Did the old woman complain?
Was George very unsatisfied with his result?
Was Harriet afraid of a ghost?
Could Karl share his secret with everyone?
Did Joe lose his jacket?
Did Dolly survive infancy? 
Did the chef sharpen his pencil? 
Did the crack need to be repaired?
Did the police find a gun in the car?
Did the couple go on a cruise for their honeymoon?
Does she write poetry books?
Was the show cancelled?
Was it easy to recover from the recession?